Initial release date: November 18, 2014
Series: Dragon Age
Developer: BioWare
Publisher: Electronic Arts
Awards: GLAAD Media Award for Special Recognition, more
Platforms: PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Xbox One, Microsoft Windows



---Become The Inquisitor

Wield the power of the Inquisition over the course of an epic character-driven story, and lead a perilous journey of discovery through the Dragon Age.

---Bond With Legends

To become a great leader, you’ll need to develop relationships with unforgettable characters. The real challenge, negotiating the dynamic relationships amongst each other.

---Discover the Dragon Age

BioWare’s latest action-adventure delivers an unparalleled story set in a vast, changeable landscape. Explore hidden caves, defeat truly monumental creatures, and shape the world around you based on your unique play style.

---Change the World

Deciding the fate of villages and ransacking keeps will shape the world around you. As a leader, you can deploy followers of the inquisition to act on your behalf.

---How Will You Lead?

Completely control the appearance and abilities of your Inquisitor, party of followers, outposts, and strongholds. Decide the makeup of your Inquisition forces and your own style of combat.

---Combine Forces

You don’t have to face the enemies of Thedas alone; join your friends in thrilling adventures against some of the Thedas’ most monstrous foes. Choose between one of twelve unique Agents of the Inquisition, customize them with awesome loot, and prepare for action-packed encounters!



SELECT A RACE

Dwarves

    Dwarves are short, stocky, and most spend their entire lives...
    
Elves

    Elves are a historically oppressed people, distinguishable by their...
Humans

    Humans are the most numerous and powerful race in Thedas. They are also...
Qunari

    The Qunari are a race of horned giants who follow a strict religious...


SELECT A CLASS

Mage

    Those who can tap into the raw energy of the Fade and block the...
Rogue

    Armed with bows, daggers, and any number of dirty tricks, the rogue’s...
Warrior

    Battle-hardened and masters of close combat, warriors are pivotal to any...



Characters

    The Iron Bull
    Varric Tethras
    Cassandra Pentaghast
    Solas
    Blackwall
    Cullen
    Leliana
    Vivienne
    Sera
    Dorian
    Cole
    Josephine
    Morrigan